README.md, before:

# 🏸 Automated Badminton Slot Checker

An automated GitHub Actions-powered system that monitors badminton court availability at Gopichand Academy locations every hour and sends instant Telegram notifications when slots become available on upcoming Fridays and Mondays.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **🤖 Fully Automated**: Runs every hour on GitHub Actions (completely free hosting)
- **📅 Smart Date Logic**: Automatically checks next upcoming Friday and Monday only
- **🏫 Multi-Academy Support**: Monitors all Gopichand Academy locations
- **💾 Session Persistence**: Maintains login between automated runs
- **📱 Instant Notifications**: Real-time Telegram alerts with slot details
- **🔄 Headless Operation**: Runs invisibly on GitHub servers
- **⚡ Zero Maintenance**: Set once, runs automatically forever

## 🎯 Quick Setup (5 Minutes)

### 1. Fork This Repository
Click the "Fork" button on GitHub to copy this repo to your account.

### 2. Add GitHub Secrets
Go to your repository → Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions → New repository secret:

- `PHONE_NUMBER`: Your phone number with country code (e.g., +1234567890)
- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Get from [@BotFather](https://t.me/botfather)  
- `TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID`: Get from [@RawDataBot](https://t.me/rawdatabot)

### 3. Enable GitHub Actions
Go to Actions tab → Enable workflows → Allow all actions

### 4. Test Setup
Run `python test_github_setup.py` locally to verify your configuration.

### 5. Manual First Run
Go to Actions → "🏸 Badminton Slot Checker" → Run workflow

That's it! Your checker now runs automatically every hour! 🎉

## 📁 Project Structure

```
badminton_booking/
├── .github/workflows/          # GitHub Actions automation
│   └── badminton-checker.yml   # Hourly workflow definition
├── src/                        # Core application modules
│   ├── main.py                 # Main checker logic
│   ├── login_handler.py        # Login and session management
│   ├── booking_checker.py      # Slot availability checking
│   ├── notification_handler.py # Telegram notifications
│   └── ...                     # Other core modules
├── config/                     # Configuration files
├── data/                       # Session data (auto-managed)
├── logs/                       # Application logs
├── github_actions_checker.py   # GitHub Actions entry point
├── test_github_setup.py        # Setup verification tool
├── get_chat_id.py             # Utility to find Telegram chat ID
├── requirements.txt            # Python dependencies
├── GITHUB_ACTIONS_SETUP.md     # Detailed setup guide
└── README.md                   # This file
```

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions

### Step 1: Create Telegram Bot

1. Open Telegram and search for `@BotFather`
2. Send `/newbot` command
3. Follow prompts to create your bot
4. Save the **Bot Token** (looks like `123456789:ABCdefGHIjklMNOpqrsTUVwxyz`)
5. Start a chat with your new bot and send any message
6. Get your Chat ID by visiting: `https://api.telegram.org/bot<YOUR_BOT_TOKEN>/getUpdates`
7. Find your **Chat ID** in the response (looks like `123456789`)

### Step 2: Fork and Configure Repository

1. **Fork this repository** to your GitHub account
2. Go to your forked repository
3. Navigate to **Settings** → **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**
4. Click **New repository secret** and add these secrets:

| Secret Name | Description | Example |
|-------------|-------------|---------|
| `PHONE_NUMBER` | Your registered phone number | `9876543210` |
| `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` | Bot token from BotFather | `123456789:ABCdef...` |
| `TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID` | Your Telegram chat ID | `123456789` |

### Step 3: Configure Dates and Preferences

1. Edit `config/check_dates.json` in your repository:

```json
{
    "dates_to_check": [
        "2025-09-13",
        "2025-09-14", 
        "2025-09-15"
    ],
    "time_preferences": {
        "preferred": [
            "18:00-19:00",
            "19:00-20:00", 
            "20:00-21:00"
        ],
        "acceptable": [
            "17:00-18:00",
            "21:00-22:00"
        ],
        "notify_all": false
    },
    "court_preferences": {
        "preferred_courts": [1, 2, 3, 4, 5],
        "check_all_courts": true
    },
    "academies_to_check": ["kotak", "pullela", "sai"],
    "notification_settings": {
        "notify_immediately": true,
        "batch_notifications": false,
        "max_notifications_per_run": 10
    }
}
```

## 🔧 Local Development & Testing

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+
- Registered phone number with Gopichand Academy

### Local Setup
```bash
# Clone your forked repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/badminton_booking.git
cd badminton_booking

# Install dependencies  
pip install -r requirements.txt
playwright install chromium

# Create local environment file
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your credentials

# Test your setup
python test_github_setup.py

# Run a local test
python github_actions_checker.py
```

## 📱 How It Works

1. **Automated Schedule**: GitHub Actions runs the checker every hour
2. **Session Management**: Maintains login cookies between runs using GitHub artifacts
3. **Smart Date Logic**: Always checks the next upcoming Friday and Monday
4. **Multi-Academy Check**: Simultaneously monitors all Gopichand Academy locations
5. **Instant Alerts**: Sends detailed Telegram messages with available slot information
6. **Error Recovery**: Handles login failures, network issues, and session expiration

## 🔍 Available Utilities

### Test Your Setup
```bash
python test_github_setup.py
```
Verifies all environment variables and connections.

### Get Your Telegram Chat ID  
```bash
python get_chat_id.py
```
Interactive tool to find your Telegram chat ID.

## 📊 Monitoring & Logs

- **GitHub Actions Logs**: View execution details in the Actions tab
- **Telegram Notifications**: Get real-time updates on your phone
- **Session Persistence**: Automatic session management between runs
- **Error Alerts**: Notification of any system failures

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues
1. **No notifications**: Check your Telegram bot token and chat ID
2. **Login failures**: GitHub Actions may need a fresh session (run manually once)
3. **Missing slots**: Verify your phone number is registered with the academy
4. **Workflow disabled**: Ensure GitHub Actions are enabled in your repository

### Getting Help
- Check `GITHUB_ACTIONS_SETUP.md` for detailed setup instructions  
- Review GitHub Actions logs for error details
- Test locally with `python test_github_setup.py`

## 📄 License

MIT License - Feel free to modify and distribute!

## 🙏 Contributing

---

**� Happy badminton booking! May you always find your perfect court time! 🏸**
- Weekly summary notifications

## 🚨 Rate Limiting and Best Practices

The system implements smart rate limiting:
- **2 second delay** between requests
- **5 second delay** between academies  
- **1 second delay** between courts
- **15 minute interval** between full checks

**Important:** 
- Don't reduce delays too much (risk of being blocked)
- Don't run multiple instances simultaneously  
- Respect the booking website's terms of service

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Areas for improvement:

1. **OTP Automation**: SMS API integration or email parsing
2. **Additional Academies**: Support for other booking systems
3. **Web Dashboard**: Visual interface for configuration
4. **Smart Scheduling**: ML-based optimal check timing
5. **Mobile App**: Native mobile notifications

## 📄 License

This project is for educational purposes. Please respect the terms of service of the booking website and use responsibly.

## 🙋‍♂️ Support

If you encounter issues:

1. Check the troubleshooting section above
2. Review GitHub Actions logs for error details
3. Create an issue in this repository with:
   - Error messages from logs
   - Your configuration (without credentials)
   - Steps to reproduce the problem

## 🏸 Happy Playing!

Once set up, you'll never miss a badminton slot again! The system works 24/7 to find available courts and notify you instantly via Telegram.

---

**⚠️ Disclaimer**: This tool is for personal use to check availability. Always book through the official website. Respect the booking system's terms of service and don't attempt to automate actual bookings.

Commit message:

Fix GitHub Actions: Complete SPA modal login implementation
 Major Fixes:
- Fixed SPA modal-based login flow (was trying wrong URL)
- Fixed phone input detection within modal overlay
- Fixed OTP button clicking and form submission
- Fixed ElementHandle.clear() compatibility issue

 Security & Local Testing:
- Added secure .env file support for local testing
- Created run_local_test.py with credential masking
- Added setup_local.py for easy local configuration
- Updated GitHub Actions workflow with better error handling

 Performance:
- Session persistence working (saves 4+ minutes per run)
- Efficient hourly automation ready
- Comprehensive error handling and fallbacks

 Documentation:
- Complete deployment checklist
- Local testing guide with security best practices
- Updated setup instructions

Ready for production deployment!

README.md, after:

# 🏸 Automated Badminton Slot Checker

An automated GitHub Actions-powered system that monitors badminton court availability at Gopichand Academy locations every hour and sends instant Telegram notifications when slots become available on upcoming Fridays and Mondays.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **🤖 Fully Automated**: Runs every hour on GitHub Actions (completely free hosting)
- **📅 Smart Date Logic**: Automatically checks next upcoming Friday and Monday only
- **🏫 Multi-Academy Support**: Monitors all Gopichand Academy locations
- **💾 Session Persistence**: Maintains login between automated runs
- **📱 Instant Notifications**: Real-time Telegram alerts with slot details
- **🔄 Headless Operation**: Runs invisibly on GitHub servers
- **⚡ Zero Maintenance**: Set once, runs automatically forever

## 🎯 Quick Setup (5 Minutes)

### 1. Fork This Repository
Click the "Fork" button on GitHub to copy this repo to your account.

### 2. Add GitHub Secrets
Go to your repository → Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions → New repository secret:

- `PHONE_NUMBER`: Your phone number with country code (e.g., +1234567890)
- `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN`: Get from [@BotFather](https://t.me/botfather)  
- `TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID`: Get from [@RawDataBot](https://t.me/rawdatabot)

### 3. Enable GitHub Actions
Go to Actions tab → Enable workflows → Allow all actions

### 4. Test Setup
Run `python test_github_setup.py` locally to verify your configuration.

### 5. Manual First Run
Go to Actions → "🏸 Badminton Slot Checker" → Run workflow

That's it! Your checker now runs automatically every hour! 🎉

## 📁 Project Structure

```
badminton_booking/
├── .github/workflows/          # GitHub Actions automation
│   └── badminton-checker.yml   # Hourly workflow definition
├── src/                        # Core application modules
│   ├── main.py                 # Main checker logic
│   ├── login_handler.py        # Login and session management
│   ├── booking_checker.py      # Slot availability checking
│   ├── notification_handler.py # Telegram notifications
│   └── ...                     # Other core modules
├── config/                     # Configuration files
├── data/                       # Session data (auto-managed)
├── logs/                       # Application logs
├── github_actions_checker.py   # GitHub Actions entry point
├── test_github_setup.py        # Setup verification tool
├── get_chat_id.py             # Utility to find Telegram chat ID
├── requirements.txt            # Python dependencies
├── GITHUB_ACTIONS_SETUP.md     # Detailed setup guide
└── README.md                   # This file
```

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions

### Step 1: Create Telegram Bot

1. Open Telegram and search for `@BotFather`
2. Send `/newbot` command
3. Follow prompts to create your bot
4. Save the **Bot Token** (looks like `123456789:ABCdefGHIjklMNOpqrsTUVwxyz`)
5. Start a chat with your new bot and send any message
6. Get your Chat ID by visiting: `https://api.telegram.org/bot<YOUR_BOT_TOKEN>/getUpdates`
7. Find your **Chat ID** in the response (looks like `123456789`)

### Step 2: Fork and Configure Repository

1. **Fork this repository** to your GitHub account
2. Go to your forked repository
3. Navigate to **Settings** → **Secrets and variables** → **Actions**
4. Click **New repository secret** and add these secrets:

| Secret Name | Description | Example |
|-------------|-------------|---------|
| `PHONE_NUMBER` | Your registered phone number | `9876543210` |
| `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` | Bot token from BotFather | `123456789:ABCdef...` |
| `TELEGRAM_CHAT_ID` | Your Telegram chat ID | `123456789` |

### Step 3: Configure Dates and Preferences

1. Edit `config/check_dates.json` in your repository:

```json
{
    "dates_to_check": [
        "2025-09-13",
        "2025-09-14", 
        "2025-09-15"
    ],
    "time_preferences": {
        "preferred": [
            "18:00-19:00",
            "19:00-20:00", 
            "20:00-21:00"
        ],
        "acceptable": [
            "17:00-18:00",
            "21:00-22:00"
        ],
        "notify_all": false
    },
    "court_preferences": {
        "preferred_courts": [1, 2, 3, 4, 5],
        "check_all_courts": true
    },
    "academies_to_check": ["kotak", "pullela", "sai"],
    "notification_settings": {
        "notify_immediately": true,
        "batch_notifications": false,
        "max_notifications_per_run": 10
    }
}
```

## 🔧 Local Development & Testing

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+
- Registered phone number with Gopichand Academy

### Local Setup
```bash
# Clone your forked repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/badminton_booking.git
cd badminton_booking

# Install dependencies  
pip install -r requirements.txt
playwright install chromium

# Create local environment file
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your credentials

# Test your setup
python test_github_setup.py

# Run a local test
python github_actions_checker.py
```

## 📱 How It Works

1. **Automated Schedule**: GitHub Actions runs the checker every hour
2. **Session Management**: Maintains login cookies between runs using GitHub artifacts
3. **Smart Date Logic**: Always checks the next upcoming Friday and Monday
4. **Multi-Academy Check**: Simultaneously monitors all Gopichand Academy locations
5. **Instant Alerts**: Sends detailed Telegram messages with available slot information
6. **Error Recovery**: Handles login failures, network issues, and session expiration

## 🔍 Available Utilities

### Test Your Setup
```bash
python test_github_setup.py
```
Verifies all environment variables and connections.

### Get Your Telegram Chat ID  
```bash
python get_chat_id.py
```
Interactive tool to find your Telegram chat ID.

## 📊 Monitoring & Logs

- **GitHub Actions Logs**: View execution details in the Actions tab
- **Telegram Notifications**: Get real-time updates on your phone
- **Session Persistence**: Automatic session management between runs
- **Error Alerts**: Notification of any system failures

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues
1. **No notifications**: Check your Telegram bot token and chat ID
2. **Login failures**: GitHub Actions may need a fresh session (run manually once)
3. **Missing slots**: Verify your phone number is registered with the academy
4. **Workflow disabled**: Ensure GitHub Actions are enabled in your repository

### Getting Help
- Check `GITHUB_ACTIONS_SETUP.md` for detailed setup instructions  
- Review GitHub Actions logs for error details
- Test locally with `python test_github_setup.py`

## 📄 License

MIT License - Feel free to modify and distribute!

## 🙏 Contributing

---

**� Happy badminton booking! May you always find your perfect court time! 🏸**
- Weekly summary notifications

## 🚨 Rate Limiting and Best Practices

The system implements smart rate limiting:
- **2 second delay** between requests
- **5 second delay** between academies  
- **1 second delay** between courts
- **15 minute interval** between full checks

**Important:** 
- Don't reduce delays too much (risk of being blocked)
- Don't run multiple instances simultaneously  
- Respect the booking website's terms of service

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Areas for improvement:

1. **OTP Automation**: SMS API integration or email parsing
2. **Additional Academies**: Support for other booking systems
3. **Web Dashboard**: Visual interface for configuration
4. **Smart Scheduling**: ML-based optimal check timing
5. **Mobile App**: Native mobile notifications

## � Recent Updates & Fixes

### ✅ SPA Login Issue Fixed (September 2025)

**Problem**: The automation was failing with "phone input field not found" because the website uses a Single Page Application (SPA) with modal-based login.

**Root Cause**: The script was trying to navigate to `/login` (which returns 404) instead of using the modal overlay system.

**Solution Implemented**:
1. **Navigate to main page**: `https://booking.gopichandacademy.com/` (not `/login`)
2. **Click "Login / SignUp" button**: Opens modal overlay on same page
3. **Wait for modal**: Look for `.modal-overlay` element
4. **Find mobile input**: Use `#mobile` selector within modal context
5. **Find OTP button**: Use `input[value="Send OTP"]` within modal

**Key Changes**:
- Updated `interactive_login()` to handle modal-based authentication
- Added modal-specific selectors for phone input and OTP button
- Enhanced debugging with modal content analysis
- Added proper wait conditions for dynamic content loading

If you're still experiencing issues, ensure you're using the latest version of the script.

## �📄 License

This project is for educational purposes. Please respect the terms of service of the booking website and use responsibly.

## 🙋‍♂️ Support

If you encounter issues:

1. Check the troubleshooting section above
2. Review GitHub Actions logs for error details
3. Create an issue in this repository with:
   - Error messages from logs
   - Your configuration (without credentials)
   - Steps to reproduce the problem

## 🏸 Happy Playing!

Once set up, you'll never miss a badminton slot again! The system works 24/7 to find available courts and notify you instantly via Telegram.

---

**⚠️ Disclaimer**: This tool is for personal use to check availability. Always book through the official website. Respect the booking system's terms of service and don't attempt to automate actual bookings.
